You are I, Lord of the Sword,
I am in charge of the plan to assassinate King Quang Lang.
We cooperate happily.
Happy cooperation
We're cooperating now.
So please tell me a little bit about the route of Quang Lang Vuong.
Of course.
I'll follow my good brother.
God, iron evidence is like mountains.
Yes, the White Land Yuan Army can see that Zhang Lao He plotted to assassinate Quang Lang King, this is the truth of the deposit on the board.
No matter what his excuses are, they can't be washed away.
Still have to wash. That's true.
The dead desire.
Cooperate with foreign enemies to assassinate Quang Lang king
Biggest Malevolent Pole Raised Pigs
This is what you call "hard evidence."
Everything is in front of you, you have to be cunning.
When did you turn the white deer army into something that only knows how to be profitable?
Dare to be a girl who doesn't dare to do it.
Nguyen Quan.
When you actually sent someone to assassinate Quang Tong
Why would you do that?
You say people can believe it?
Notes are not reliable.
What about the recording?
The recording is not regrettable.
Is that you?
Did you do this?